What the hell?
See if you have a good meal.
Our teachers have been waiting for you for over half an hour.
You should get dressed.
Just made a movie.
I've started playing big cards, and I don't know where the international star is.
We've got to give us a rational explanation today.
If not, don't blame us for not talking about love.
I'll give you an explanation.
Wang Tuyen
You secretly instigated Liang and Yang Dang to steal my Qin family s property.
Today.
To stop the press conference.
Send the kidnapper Van Province.
Is there anything you want to explain to me?
Who here doesn't know?
Your outer path of the Qin family is because you are a bastard son.
Still here framed the King.
Pour blood.
It's hateful.
Everyone has to reveal it to him.
Yes, this movie has been so long.
You haven't succeeded yet.
I think so.
You're living your own dream.
You're crazy to be emperor.
Whether emotional intelligence is crazy or not, I know better than anyone.
Whether you were stupid or not, I don't know.
Being played by a scum amid applause
The people themselves are proud.
What a bunch of idiots.
The Clown
Wang Xun, you want me to speak in front of everyone.
The heir to the throne is afraid of a mad man.
The story comes now
I can't believe you're so helpless.
Being obsessed
Okay.
Bring people in.